---
title: Community Animals
permalink: /all/nature-kakis-happenings/community-animals/
date: 2023-12-08
layout: post
description: ""
image: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p>Pets are an important part of many people's lives, and are also an integral part of many communities. Nature Kakis can help to improve the welfare of animals in their community by brining people together to raise awareness about their care, and to manage day-to-day interactions between their neighbours and animals around their neighbourbourhood.</p><h3>Community Animal projects</h3><h4>Managing Community Cat Feeding</h4><p>Many communities have dedicated volunteers that look after and feed community cats. Nature kakis can help to designate a feeding corner as a Nature in Neighbourhood project, or raising awareness of responsible feeding practices will help to keep common spaces clean, and cats well-fed and safe.</p><h4>Community pet walks</h4><p>Why not go on a Nature Walk with your community and its pets? Organising community pet walks are a great way to learn about your neighbours, and encourage fellow pet owners to learn better leash discipline and <a href="https://www.nparks.gov.sg/avs/resources/pets-animals-dos-and-donts" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">pet etiquette</a>. Take note that while pets can be taken to most green spaces, they are not allowed in Nature Parks and Nature Reserves as these spaces have sensitive wildlife.</p><h4>Improving pet welfare</h4><p>Knowledge is power! Nature Kakis chapters can become hubs for information on <a href="https://www.nparks.gov.sg/avs/animals/animal-welfare/animal-and-pets-welfare/animal-cruelty-and-welfare-cases" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">responsible pet ownership</a>, and give tips on how to improve the welfare of pet animals. By sharing best practices for animal care, communities can improve the lives of the animals that stay with them.</p><h4>Raising awareness about the illegal wildlife trade</h4><p>Not all animals can be kept as pets! It is <a href="https://www.nparks.gov.sg/avs/animals/wildlife-and-endangered-animals/keeping-of-wildlife-as-pets" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">illegal to keep wildlife as pets</a>, and purchasing such animals will continue to fuel the illegal wildlife trade. Raising awareness on what animals are considered suitable for pet ownership will also help to reduce incidences of poaching, which in turn will help <a href="all/nature-kakis-happenings/biodiversity-and-wildlife/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">wildlife</a> in Singapore and beyond.</p><p></p>