---
title: Capacity Building
permalink: /capcity-building/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h3>Building of Nature Kakis Network</h3><p>To support the Network, will provide training for the Nature Kakis chapters. will have the skills and knowledge needed to plan and execute successful City in Nature events and activities for their chapters.<br></p><p>To facilitate this, NParks has an induction series that covers four major topics: environmental conservation, event planning, community engagement, and leadership development. These topics are designed to provide Nature Kakis with a comprehensive understanding of the issues related to environmental conservation and sustainability, as well as the skills they need to coordinate and organise green events and activities.</p><p>To facilitate the growth of the Nature Kakis Network in both size and capabilities, National Parks Board (NParks) has developed a Nature Kakis Capacity Building Framework, which includes:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Induction programme series covering topics on biodiversity and wildlife; arboriculture; horticulture; and community engagement.</p></li><li><p>Topic specific training sessions based on Nature Kakis chapters’ interests.</p></li></ul><p>These trainings are designed to provide Nature Kakis with hands-on experience in planning and managing events, as well as the opportunity to work with other experienced topic experts and community leaders.</p><p>To further support the Nature Kakis Network, we also offer facilitator trainings to equip them with the skills they need to lead and facilitate events and activities. These trainings cover topics such as communication and conflict management, and are designed to help Nature Kakis become effective leaders and facilitators in their communities.</p><p>Through our induction series and topic trainings, we aim to equip Nature Kakis with the skills and knowledge they need to make a positive impact in their communities and help transform Singapore into a City in Nature.</p><p>See the map below for the different types of activities participated by the Nature Kakis across Singapore!</p><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="415px" width="100%" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/1/embed?mid=1xB2GeN8Wj2qN60d2J8eJ411K3Qsv0X4&amp;ehbc=2E312F&amp;noprof=1"></iframe></div>